Update docs to advise manually-created collections (#12)
x-govuk/govuk-design-history: docs/divide-a-design-history-into-sections.md

3. This is a [directory data file](https://www.11ty.dev/docs/data-template-dir/), and it can be used to set the default values for all posts that sit within this folder.

4. In this JSON file, declare a the parent to use in the breadcrumb navigation (the parent being the name of this section). For example

   ```json
   {
     "eleventyNavigation": {
       "parent": "Service support interface"
     }
   }
   ```
   
## Create a collection for each section

> Next, in the `eleventy.config.js` config file, add some code to add all the posts within the service folder to a named collection. Copy and paste the following lines for each folder you need to add, changing `support-interface` to whatever the folder is named.

Reviewer: How about something like this:

```suggestion
Next, in the `eleventy.config.js` configuration file, use Eleventy’s [`addCollection` method](https://www.11ty.dev/docs/collections/#advanced-custom-filtering-and-sorting) to collect all Markdown files within the folder you created for your section.

For example, to create a collection named `support-interface` that looks for posts in the `app/posts/support-interface` folder, add the following:
```

   {% endraw %}

>    The value for `pagination.data` should use the collection created by the code you added to the `eleventy.config.js` file for the section. This tells the index page which posts to list. For example, if your collection is named `support-interface`, the value for `pagination.data` would be `collections.support-interface`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The value for `pagination.data` should use the same name as that used for the collection in the `eleventy.config.js` configuration file. This tells the index page which posts to list.
   
   For example, if your collection is named `support-interface`, the value for `pagination.data` would be `collections.support-interface`.
```
